{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset136 SymbolMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red155\green0\blue211;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\f0\fs36                            4.DATABASE OBJECTS\par
\pard\cf1\f1\fs19 21\cf0 .Drop the above table and recreate the following table with the name\par
CustomerMaster.\par
CustomerId Number(5) Primary key(Name of constraint is CustId_PK)\par
CustomerName Varchar2(30) Not Null\par
Addressl Varchar2(30) Not Null\par
Address2 Varchar2(30)\par
Gender Varchar2(l)\par
Age Number(3)\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 PhoneNo Number(10)\par
\b0 DROP TABLE Suppliers;\b\par
\b0 CREATE TABLE CustomerMaster\par
              (CustomerId Number(5) constraint CustId_PK PRIMARY KEY,\par
               CustomerName Varchar2(30) NOT NULL,\par
               Address1 Varchar2(30) NOT NULL,\par
               Address2 Varchar2(30),\par
               Gender Varchar2(1),\par
               Age Number(3),\par
               PhoneNo Number(10));\par
\par
\pard\cf1\b 22\cf0 .Create the AccountsMaster table with the following Columns. Use sequence to\par
generate Account number\par
Customerld Number(5)\par
AccountNumber Number(10,2) Primary key(Name of constraint is\par
Acc_PK)\par
AccountType Char(3)\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 LedgerBalance Number(10,2) Not Null\par
\b0 Create table Accoutnmaster\par
                  (customerid number(5),\par
                  Accountnumber number(10) primary key(acno),\par
                 accounttype char(3),\par
                 ledgerbalance number(10) Not Null);\par
\tab    Create sequence seq_ano\par
\tab\tab MINVALUE 101\par
\tab\tab MAXVALUE 10000\par
\tab\tab START WITH 101\par
\tab\tab INCREMENT BY 1\par
\tab\tab CACHE 101;\par
\pard\cf1\b 23\cf0 .Relate AccountsMaster table and CustomerMaster table through Customerld\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 column with the constraint name Cust_acc\par
\b0 Alter table Accountmaster ADD constraint ass_fk FOREIGN KEY(customerid) REFERENCES customermaster(customerid);\par
\par
\pard\cf1\b 24.\cf0 Insert the following rows to the CustomerMaster table:\par
\f2\'b7\f3  \f1 1000, Allen, #115 Chicago, #115 Chicago, M, 25, 7878776\par
\f2\'b7\f3  \f1 1001, George, #116 France, #116 France, M, 25, 434524\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\'b7\f3  \f1 1002, Becker, #114 New York, #114 New York, M, 45, 431525\par
\b0 Insert into customermaster values(1000, Allen, #115 Chicago, #115 Chicago, M, 25, 7878776);\par
Insert into customermaster values(1001, George, #116 France, #116 France, M, 25, 4345240;\par
Insert into customermaster values(1002, Becker, #114 New York, #114 New York, M, 45, 4315250;\par
\par
\pard\cf1\b 25.\cf0 Modify the AccountMaster table with the Check constraint to ensure AccountType\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 should be either NRI or IND.\par
\b0 alter table Accountmaster add constraint ck_ac check(accountype='NRI' or accountype='IND');\par
\par
\b 26.Insert 5 rows into the AccountsMaster table\par
\b0 insert into account_master values(1000,121,"NRI",2000);\par
insert into account_master values(1001,122,"IND",5000);\par
insert into account_master values(1002,123,"NRI",4000);\par
insert into account_master values(1003,124,"IND",6000);\par
insert into account_master values(1004,125,"NRI",8000);\par
\par
\pard\b 27.Modify the AccountsMaster table keeping a Check constraint with the name\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Balance_Check for the Minimum Balance which should be greater than 5000.\par
\b0 alter table Accountmaster add constraint \tab Balance_check(ledger balance > 5000);\par
 \par
\pard\b 28.Modify the AccountsMaster table such that if Customer is deleted from Customer\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 table then all his details should be deleted from AccountsMaster table\par
\b0 Delete from Accountmaster,customertable where customerid = 1001;\par
\par
\b 29.Create Backup copy for the AccountsMaster table with the name \lquote AccountDetails\rquote .\par
\b0 Create table accountdetails as select * from Accountmaster\b ;\par
\par
30.Change the name of the AccountDetails table to \lquote BackUpTable\rquote  \fs23 t\fs19 able.\par
\b0 RENAME AccountDetails To BackUp;  \par
                  or\par
ALTER TABLE AccountDetails   \par
RENAME TO BackUp;  \par
\par
\pard\b 31.Create a view \lquote Acc_view\rquote  with columns Customerld, CustomerName,\par
AccountNumber, AccountType, and LedgerBalance from AccountsMaster. In the view\par
Acc_view, the column names should be CustomerCode, AccountHolderName,\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 AccountNumber, Type, and Balance for the respective columns from AccountsMaster table.\par
\b0 CREATE VIEW Acc_view AS SELECT(Customerid,Customername,Accountnumber,AccountType,ledgerBalance)\par
\tab from AccountMaster;\par
\par
\pard\b 32.Create a view on AccountsMaster table with name vAccs_Dtls. This view should\par
list all customers whose AccountType is \lquote IND\rquote  and their balance amount should not be\par
less than 10000. Using this view any DML operation should not violate the view\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 conditions\b0 .\par
CREATE VIEW vAccs_Dtls AS SELECT \tab Accounttype,ledgerbalance from Accountmaster where accounttype = 'IND' and ledgerbalance < 10000;\par
 \par
\b 33.Create a view accsvw10 which will not allow DML statement against it.\par
\cf1 create a complex view ...from more than  two tables;\par
\cf0\b0 Create view V_EMP_DEPT\par
\par
as Select e.Employee_name,d.Department_name\par
\par
from Employee e,Department d\par
\par
where e.Department_no=d.Department_no;\par
\pard\b 34.Display the department from Staff table which has the highest salary by using\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Inline View.\par
\b0 SELECT a.last_name, a.salary, a.department_id, b.maxsal\par
  FROM employees a,\par
       ( SELECT department_id, max(salary) maxsal\par
         FROM employees\par
         GROUP BY department_id ) b\par
 WHERE a.department_id = b.department_id\par
   AND a.salary = b.maxsal;\par
\b\par
35.List the top two highest earning employees in each department\par
\b0 SELECT empno,ename,sal FROM (SELECT empno,ename,sal FROM emp ORDER BY sal DESC) WHERE ROWNUM <=2;\par
\b\par
\pard 36.Create a Sequence with the name Seq_Dept on Deptno column of Dept table. It\par
should start from 40 and stop at 200. Increment parameter for the sequence\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Seq_Dept should be in step of 10\b0 .\par
CREATE sequence SEQ_DEPT minvalue 40 start with 40\par
\tab increment by 10 MAX VALUE 200 cache 40;\par
 \par
\b 37.Insert three sample rows by using the above sequence in Dept table\par
\b0 create table departmentmaster(deptno number(50),Dname varchar2(25),location varchar2(25));\par
\tab   insert into departmentmaster  values(seq_dept.NEXTVAL,'MARKETING','NEW DELHI');\par
\tab   insert into departmentmaster  values(seq_dept.NEXTVAL,'SALES','chennai');\par
\tab   insert into departmentmaster  values(seq_dept.NEXTVAL,'RESEARCH','BOSTON');\par
\par
\b 38.Alter the above specified sequence with an increment by 5.\par
\b0 ALTER SEQUENCE SEQ_DEPT\par
   \tab\tab increment by 5\b ;\par
\cf1 39\cf0 .Drop the Seq_Dept sequence.\par
\b0 DROP sequence seq_dept;\par
\par
\pard\cf1\b 40\cf0 .Create a Unique index with the name No_Name on DeptNo and Dname of Dept\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 table.\par
\b0 CREATE TABLE dept \par
    (deptno  NUMBER(2), \par
     dname   VARCHAR2(9), \par
     loc     VARCHAR2(10), \par
        CONSTRAINT unq_dname \par
        UNIQUE (dname) \par
    USING INDEX PCTFREE 20\par
        TABLESPACE user_x\par
        STORAGE (INITIAL 8K  NEXT 6K) ); \par
\cf1\par
\b 41\cf0 .Get information on the index No_Name from the Data Dictionary.\par
\b0 CREATE INDEX no_name on emp(empno);\par
select * from emp;\par
\par
\cf1\b 42\cf0 . Create public synonym synEmp for the EMP table.\par
\b0 create SYNONYM synemp for emp;\par
\b  \par
\cf1 43\cf0 .Get Information on synonym synEmp from the Data Dictionary\par
\b0 select * from synemp;\par
\b\par
 \par
 \par
\par
\f0\fs22\par
}
 